[APM][Tracing] Add documentation for `DD_TRACE_OTEL_ENABLED` and related integrations (#20107)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/compatibility/dotnet-framework.md

| WCF (server)                    | built-in                                                                                  | `Wcf`                |
| WebClient / WebRequest          | built-in                                                                                  | `WebRequest`         |

> Don't see your desired libraries? You can check whether the library emits Open Telemetry compatible tracing (using [Activity based tracing][11]). If not, Datadog is continually adding additional support. [Check with the Datadog team][6] for help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't see the library you're looking for? First, check if the library produces observability data compatible with OpenTelemetry (for example, [activity based tracing][11]). If not, Datadog is continually adding additional support. [Check with the Datadog team][6] for help.
```

> ## OTEL based integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## OpenTelemetry based integrations
```

> Some libraries provide built in [Activity based tracing][11]. This is the same mechanism the OpenTelemetry project relies on. By setting `DD_TRACE_OTEL_ENABLED` to `true`, the .NET tracer will automatically resurface traces provided by the libraries themselves. This is possible since [version 2.21.0][4]. Here are a list of libraries that are tested with this setup (more libraries provide such tracing though, they aren't yet expliciitly tested).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some libraries provide built-in [Activity based tracing][11]. This is the same mechanism that OpenTelemetry is based on. 

For these libraries, set `DD_TRACE_OTEL_ENABLED` to `true`, and the .NET tracer automatically captures traces their traces. This is supported since [version 2.21.0][4].

The following list of libraries have been tested with this setup:
```

| Framework or library            | NuGet package                                                                 | Integration Name     | Specific instructions         |
| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| Azure Service Bus               | `Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus` 7.14.0+                                          | `AzureServiceBus`    | See `Azure SDK` section below |

### Azure SDK

> Azure SDK provides built in OpenTelemety support. It requires to be enabled by setting `AZURE_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_ACTIVITY_SOURCE` environment variable to true or by setting the `Azure.Experimental.EnableActivitySource` context switch to true in your application code. See [Azuze SDK documentation][12] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure SDK provides built-in OpenTelemetry support. Enable it by setting the `AZURE_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_ACTIVITY_SOURCE` environment variable to `true` or by setting the `Azure.Experimental.EnableActivitySource` context switch to `true` in your application code. See [Azure SDK documentation][12] for more details.
```
